oh yeah that's that's here that's all
you're gonna get calling it oh yeah you
know gotta have the look now as you put
those on there and watch they're gonna
melt in the helmets plastic
okay there's the factory dry out which
unless we did this wrong was a complete
fucking pain in the ass to do yeah
you'll notice these pieces of plastic
litter in here but just get in the way
enough are you getting back here and I'm
doing that and I'm doing and then I'm
doing this one whatever you do I'll drop
one of these screws down here is another
fucking find it one of those Jesus
things drop into those Jesus Christ for
the doctor okay so got everything out of
here so far we're trying to get
everything lined up and we'll put the
new one in we're missing something like
taking off the front clip and that and
it's kind of a pain in the ass but then
again we slowed it in you got two Clips
up there on the top two Clips down there
on the bottom right where doug's that
right there
snap those in you lock them into place
and it's a pretty flush fit that way you
got two screws which you're gonna see
right there
those and those and once we put those in
that will draw that piece in and make it
just a little bit tighter on the top and
then we got the one over here and then
went over here which is just a complete
bitch but so far there we are
I've done that okay the passenger side
clip or screw we got that into goes
through the back of the grill into the
the front clip of the sundel there these
two pieces just snap right back into
place we did take the airbox out just so
we could have three people and a monkey
trying to get around to the backside
there so I could get that other screw up
thanks putting air box back in
and that's it we're done Jessie looks a
hundred percent better with that color
match front grille compared to the
factory chrome girl on there this is a
color matched factory replacement part
that's on this 2006 charger
looks great